gh-64490: varargs support for argument clinic and refactor print with AC (#18609)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tools-Demos/2020-02-25-18-22-09.bpo-20291.AyrDiZ.rst

> Vararg (`*args`) notation support for Argument Clinic. Patch by Batuhan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for :term:`var-positional` parameter in Argument Clinic. Patch by Batuhan
```
